make "Supported AWS Regions" section generic by default (#162)
aws-quickstart/quickstart-documentation-base-common: .specific/_settings.adoc

:deployment_time: 15 minutes / 60 minutes / 1.5 hours
:default_deployment_region: us-east-1
:parameters_as_appendix:

> // Uncomment the following attribute if you would like to provide custom text about which regions are supported in the partner-editable/regions.adoc file.

Reviewer: _Riffing a bit ..._ 

If you need to provide custom text for the "Supported AWS Regions" section of this guide, which should happen rarely, uncomment the following attribute. After that, any text you add to the partner-editable/regions.adoc file will appear in the generated guide along with the boilerplate info on Regions. Do not provide a list of supported Regions or other info that will go out of date when new Regions are released or when services add support for additional Regions.
-----
_As for the partner-editable/regions.adoc that partners see, how about replacing its content with this?_ 

KEEP THIS FILE BLANK normally. This file is normally excluded from the generated guide because the content now comes from boilerplate. We no longer provide a list of supported Regions or other info that will go out of date when new Regions are released or when services add support for additional Regions. If your Quick Start requires custom info to supplement the boilerplate info, uncomment the :____: attribute in the partner-editable/_settings.adoc file. Then you can add the custom info in this file.

> // Uncomment the following attribute if you would like to provide custom text about which regions are supported in the partner-editable/regions.adoc file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
// Uncomment the following attribute only if your Quick Start requires custom info (e.g., the product is limited to a specific Region and that will not change). When this attribute is uncommented, any content in the partner-editable/regions.adoc file appears in the "Supported AWS Regions" section of the generated guide instead of the boilerplate info in regions_default.adoc.
```
